What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	
	It creates a .git file in the directory, which is basically a kind of 
	file which enables us to make history of various versions of anything 
	that we are working upon. So, for that reason, it is important to 
	initialize a directory.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the 
repository? What value do you think it offers?

	It acts as an intermediate between two. It stores the file ready 
	to be commited. It tells the git that these are the files that 
	you should take care of, make history of, etc. I doesn't actually 
	commits them. It is important as it separates the two thing and 
	makes easy for us to manage our files.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per 
logical change?
	
	By making use of commands like 'git diff' (without any ids as 
	parameters) and 'git diff --staged'. This is gonna help us make 
	sure that we follow the "one commit per logical change" policy.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping 
your history organized? How would branches help?

	Making branches for an experimental work is an excellent idea as it 
	gives us a surity that everything is in a working state in our 
	master branch. So even if a fatal error occurs in our experiment or 
	we decided that we would not need that change anymore in our final 
	production, we can just simply go back to our master branch, off course 
	using history created by git. It gives us freedom to experiment with 
	the new cool features.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	Diagrams gives us a complete understanding of what different additions 
	we have made from our master branch which is not possible with just one 
	git command as there can be many unreachable commits from a particular 
	branch. That won't be a problem with diagrams.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it 
in the diagram the way we do?

	Merging two branches creats a new commit with all of the changes from both 
	the branches in the newly created commit. Representation of it in the diagram 
	is justified because it clearly tells us that we can get to every commit of 
	the branches from the newly created commit which is the logical meaning of 
	merging two branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs always doing merges 
manually?

	Well, one big advantage would be that we don't have to manually merge the code 
	everytime we need to merge two branches in the absence of merge conflicts, 
	git takes care of that on its own, unless in case of a merge conflict because 
	git can't and shouldn't make a guess to decide which line to select or reject 
	without using some complex machine learning algorithm.
	I can't think of a disadvantage why automatic merging is not useful.
